Fear.
What's wrong?
Come and sit down.
You speak strangely, the voice on this script is unknown.
Even the records of Queen Vinh in the history books are extremely raw materials.
Are you saying he's not the only one of the Five Immortals?
Why is there nothing?
The historian's words are not all true history.
I see you all day inside and outside the theater in front of the Great Dance.
You're just a little bit haunted, so you know a lot about the inside, right?
Waiting to know
Of course.
Well said, obviously giving you a little surprise.
The reason why the water plant sent to is not fragrant.
That's because the fifth ordered Queen Vinh to wipe out everything.
Deliberate order
Why?
She's a wonderful woman.
The previous leader was that person.
Where is the report to Your Majesty?
She is the daughter of Prime Minister Dung.
It is the princess that His Majesty personally chose for you.
So that's it.